# Phase 3 Project

For this project, the requirements were to implement a Python CLI Application that includes a database created through ORM methods. To begin, we must first seed the database with info from lib/seed.py, then simply run the python script for lib/cli.py. In this app, I have designed a simple team management for basketball players in different leagues. We are modeling the relationship between players and the teams they can belong to. Players can also not be part of teams and be free agents until they are added to a team's roster. Every team has a city they belong to and a name that can be changed as long as it is unique, as well as the league they play in. Every team has a starting roster limit of 5 players, but the rest can be part of the team on the bench. Each player has a name, height, position they will play, and a flag to indicate whether or not they are a starter for their team. If they are not part of a team, they will not be starting. Players can be moved between teams and therefore leagues.

The app launches with a greeting and into the main menu. From the main menu, the user can choose between sub menus for team and player  mangement. The team menu consists of options to view all teams per league, find teams by name or location, create a new team, update a team's information, and delete a team. Deleting a team will mean each player from that team will be become free agents. In the player menu, the user can select options to list all players per league, list players per team, find players by name, height, or position, update the starting roster of a team, create new players, update an exisiting player's information, and delete a player.

Since the app comes with an option to seed the database, we can view a few examples of how teams can be set up, as well as different positions players can play. There are also free agents available to move around between teams and leagues. This app would mostly be used to model potential roster matchups between teams. In the future, players can be updated to include more information like statistics and we can model team statistics based off those players.